0.0.3 Using Documentation (#17)
pivotal-cf/docs-build-service: using.md

`BUILD_SERVICE_USERNAME` and `BUILD_SERVICE_PASSWORD`. The CLI will default to pick these up and use them if they exist in the environment.

> ### <a id='create-team'></a> Creating a `team` and managing memebers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### <a id='create-team'></a> Creating a `team` and managing members
```

A `team` is an entity in Pivotal Build Service that is used to manage authentication for the images built by Pivotal Build Service and to manage registry and git credentials for the images managed by said team.  Only the users that belong to a team will be allowed to create images against said team. Additionally, they will be the only ones who can check the builds against an image.

> First, a user can create a team and give it a name by running `pb team create <team-name>`.  By creating a team, that user is added to the team.  Team members can add other users to a team by referencing their UAA username by running `pb team user add <uaa-user@company.com> <example-team-name>`.  Users can remove team members by running `pb team user remove <uaa-user@company.com> <example-team-name>`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, a user can create a team and give it a name by running `pb team create <team-name>`.  By creating a team, that user is added to the team.  

The team owners can add other users to a team by referencing their UAA username by running `pb team user add <uaa-user@company.com> <example-team-name>`. Users can remove team members by running `pb team user remove <uaa-user@company.com> <example-team-name>`. 
```

**Current Constraints:**

* Team structure is flat, all members of a team are also team “owners” and are allowed to create new images, manage secrets, and add/remove other users from the team
* Cannot reference UAA user groups

> * The email address must exist in UAA

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When adding a user the provided email address must exist in UAA
```

* Each team must have at least one team member, if a particular team is no longer useful, users can delete a team by running `pb team delete <team-name>`
    * Additional details for deletion workflows are captured in a below section

Next, to effectively utilize the team they created, users must associate image registry credentials and git credentials (if the source code lives in a private git repo) with the team. 

1) Associating a registry credential with a team.  Build Service will utilize these credentials to deliver container image builds to the user's specified registry.  The registry credential provided should belong to a user with `write` access on the registry. 

```yaml
team: example-team-name

> registry: registry.default.com

Reviewer: We should add documentation around what this registry value represents as it is a common source of confusion.

Author: Addressed this in a new commit.

username: <registry username>
password: <registry password>
```
And then run 
```
pb secrets registry apply -f path/to/<example-registry-creds>.yaml
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Add something like:

**Note**: in the previous yaml file the field `registry` is the domain of the registry. (ex: for dockerhub it should be `index.docker.io` for gcr it should be `gcr.io`)

Author: Addressed this in a new commit

**Current Constraints** 

> * Users can only pass one registry secret per command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Users can only add a secret at a time
```

> * The registry credential a given team uses can be updated by modifying the above file and running the `pb secrets registry apply` command. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The registry credential that a given team uses can be updated by modifying the above file and running the `pb secrets registry apply` command. 
```

1. An `image registry` defines the destination registry of the builds for the image. The credentials for the target registry must be specified in the `registries` section of the team configuration. This should also match the domain of one of the registries provided in the team configuration.

The value of `image.tag` will be used to refer to the image once it has been created within Pivotal Build Service. Updating this field will lead to the creation of a new image.

The above image configuration can be saved as `<my-example-image>.yaml`

**Creating an `image` against source code in a git repo**

The above configuration of the image can be applied to Pivotal Build Service:

```bash
pb image apply -f /path/to/<my-example-image>.yaml
```

**Creating an image using local source code**

Build Service supports builds against source code that lives in a git repository or locally on a users machine.  However, users can only specify one source code location.  To replicate the above image creation workflow using local source code, users can modify the file by removing the git fields.  The resulting file would look like this:

```yaml
team: example-team-name

> source:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

build:
  env:
  - name: BP_JAVA_VERSION
    value: 8.*
image:
  tag: registry.default.com/my-team-folder/sample-java-app
```

Users would apply this image configuration and specify a path to their application.

```bash
pb image apply -f /path/to/<my-example-image>.yaml -p /path/to/app_directory
```

### <a id='create-image'></a> Rebuilds

Pivotal Build Service auto-rebuilds images when one or more of the following build inputs change:
1. New buildpack versions are made available through an updated builder image
1. New commit on a branch or tag Pivotal Build Service is tracking

> 1. Updating the commit, branch, git repo, or build fields on the image's configuration file and re-applying it via `pb image apply`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Updating the commit, branch, git repo, or build fields on the image's configuration file and re-applying it via `pb image apply`
1. Uploading a new copy of local source via `pb image apply -p`
```

**Current Constraints:**

* Pivotal Build Service only stores the ten most recent successful builds and ten most recent failed builds.

> * Users cannot retrive logs by refrencing the image digest, the must use the build number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Users cannot retrieve logs by referencing the image digest, they must use the build number
```
